[docs] reviewed index.md, documentation.md, readme.md (#2007)
flant/werf: README.md

<!-- WERF DOCS PARTIAL BEGIN: Overview -->

> **werf** is an Open Source CLI tool written in Go, designed to simplify and speed up the delivery of applications. To use it, you need to describe the configuration of your application (in other words, how to build and deploy it to Kubernetes) and save it to a Git repo - the latter acts as a single source of truth. In short, that's what we call GitOps today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**werf** is an Open Source CLI tool written in Go, designed to simplify and speed up the delivery of applications. To use it, you need to describe the configuration of your application (in other words, how to build and deploy it to Kubernetes) and store it in a Git repo - the latter acts as a single source of truth. In short, that's what we call GitOps today.
```

> * werf builds Docker images using Dockerfiles or an alternative builder-tool based on the custom syntax. It also deletes unused images from the Docker Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* werf builds Docker images using Dockerfiles or an alternative fast built-in builder based on the custom syntax. It also deletes unused images from the Docker Registry.
```
